## recommending stickers
What are important criteria to decide whether a sticker is relevant to the two images?
* Taken date and time, exposure, white balance...etc, which can be extraced from the EXIF data of the two images.
    * With these information, we can recommend stickers associate with tags like [daytime, nighttime, specific holiday, outdoor, indoor...etc]
* Objects inside the two images
    * Knowing the objects in the images, we can also associate the images with stickers tag; or further more, we use past collages to train a model to learn the association between objects and stickers.

Outline your plan to solve this problem, if you are given: (i) one week, (ii) one month, (iii) 3 months. In each case, please discuss the advantages and disadvantages of different approaches to the problem.

* 1 week
    * Assuming our stickers data all has it's own category and tags, we'll just recommend stickers based on the images' EXIF data
    * Basic CV algorithms to associate images and stickers, such as color histogram similarity between stickers and the area compute by contours detection
    for example:
        * on Halloween, we recommend trick-or-treat stickers
        * at 11pm we recommend goodnight stickers
        * with low exposure we recommend spooky stickers
        * recommend sitcker if has high similarity with contour area
    * Advantages
        * light on computation, easy to implement and cost effective
    * Disadvantages
        * inflexible, and most likely not accurate
        * waste of data
* 1 month
    * We can deploy a lightweight model like yolov5_small pretrained with open-source object-detection dataset, ex. MS COCO, to extracts object within the images, and recommend stickers accordingly
    * If we have the money, we can also collect and label image data and finetune the detection model on all the catogories we have on our stickers
    * Advantages
        * higher association between the recommended stickers and the image
    * Disadvantages
        * computation overhead will highly depend on devices
* 3 months
    * Design and train a strong model with past collages to learn the association between objects in image and the user choosed stickers, also train a strong object detection model to predict all the catogories we have on our stickers. Deploy both models onto web services, ex. AWS EC2, and when user upload images wanting to create collages, we send the images to server to get recommending stickers.
    * Implement MLOps pipeline for continuos learning
    * Advantages
        * most robust
        * easier to adapt to new trend
    * Disadvantages
        * web service cost (computation)
        * heavily rely on internet connection
